# 2020-03-31 Meeting Notes

## Agenda
- Consolidate communication channels, have a point of contact for social / PR (twitter, LinkedIn, AP news, AP blog, LF blog, LF newsletter, Slack)
    - Current plan is around the quarterly updates, pushing through the social mediums.
    - Leverage LF blog and newsletter, push more on twitter, LinkedIn, AP news, AP blog, LF blog around NON-technical news
- Have some branded material for: slides/presentations, Web site â€” @MichaelGrover has done some work and may have some opinion on this.
    - Managing shared AP assets (fonts, themes, etc)?
- Accord Project badge for GitHub?
- Should we make it easier / possible for AP members/vendors to post news relevant to the community or to advertise new features they have built with AP?
- Another AP Forum
- Writing an article on the BSI standards 
- Communicating new working group structure on the marketing website

## Recap
- N/A

## Notes
- We need consistent non-technical content creation for AP to publish through twitter, LinkedIn, AP news, AP blog
- AP Forum is a lot of work, looking for assistance from LF. Possibly add it on to existing event.
    - Call for submissions dates? Next month call
- New structure in LF for working groups. Proposal for TSC around working groups organization.
    - Two initial, marketingWG and technicalWG

## Action Items
- Copywriting
    - @PeterHunn point of contact for Linux Foundation
        - @DanSelman high level writing for LF PR
    - @JeromeSimeon put out call for blog writers?
        - Remind members that if they send us material, we will promote it. Can create them a blog account to post.
        - @JeromeSimeon writing high level CiceroMark blog?
    - @TomBrookes write something legal approach around Cicero
    - @JohnCarpenter reaching out to Hyperledger for a newsletter?
- AP Assets
    - @MichaelGrover add slide deck to GitHub public assets, possibly making more accessible (in website)
        - PressCenter in WordPress? Name PressCenter BrandAssets?
        - Guidelines for using these assets in public setting (contact press@accordproject.org)
        - https://www.accordproject.org/press-center/
    - @MichaelGrover "Powered By AP" in brand assets
- AP Forum
    - @PeterHunn follow up with LF around adding the Forum it on to existing event
- BSI Standards
    - @ParsaPezeshki writing this up and can publish soon
- Working Groups
    - @MichaelGrover remove real estate and dispute resolution working groups, add marketing

## Attendees
- John Carpenter
- Peter Hunn
- Dan Selman
- Michael Grover
- Jolene Langlinais
- Tom Brookes
- Jerome Simeon
- Chibuokem Jerry